hey guys how is everyone doing I'm
running kind of late for dinner
so naturally let's start vlogging so the
past couple weeks have been kind of
chill relative to how the rest of my
year has been I've just been like
consuming a lot of stuff content wise
and now dude just like the hustle mode
switch has turned on and I am just all
kinds of stoked to be the best internet
Sarah for you guys like ever I'm just
I'm stoked in life and I really am right
now and also look what just came in the
mail it's a TV I've never I've never
owned a TV before you HD 4k life anyways
meeting up with some people for dinner
my friend Sam Shepard a lot of you guys
probably know him from the vlogs he goes
to one place every single Monday to get
fish tacos sometimes he goes alone
sometimes there's a lot of people but I
was like yo I'm coming tonight and I
don't think he knows that I invited like
the squad like we're gonna be squatting
out a lot of good a lot of good New York
people
so I got four
breaks into the
never even seen that show this
in the street
yours
are you are you like an n-word
the the ability to swap the battery in
10 seconds with one hand is unbeatable
I miss the Flex of the boosted board but
that said competition is fantastic yes
yeah
a state word because I need to get good
at skating in a state good okay so where
are you going we're going to Los Angeles
I'm going tomorrow you're going once I'm
going Wednesday and we're going to
police boil it yes we're going to
snowboard slash ski in the morning and
then serve in the afternoon and barbecue
in the evening all on one deck
whoa deeds to follow but I'm stoked yeah
so I need to borrow skateboard what do
you think it's gonna be better for
poppin Ollie's man so you're able to do
that yeah I am determined in the next
week to be able to pop it on your boots
right now so yes I'm deciding on the
spider-man skateboard yes good it's
yours take it thank you happy birthday
whoo so here's the thing is we didn't we
didn't
like that ice cream so were we headed to
a second ice cream spot she got it
once you crave ice cream gotta do it
right
are you I'm just doing brain research
fruit yeah we're doing some brand
research right now we gotta find some
different names pieces different yeah
yeah we can't tell them for what top
secret top secret top secret yeah coming
soon with 2017 I be ready be ready such
a good crew pay attention to this New
York squad that I'm hanging out with cuz
they're gonna be taking over the city in
the next five to ten years
tomorrow is such a busy day
rain rain rain rain
rainy day I'm gonna be honest rain isn't
my favorite but New York City wears it
so well to meetings down and now it's
time it's time to go to a show this show
is kind of special I get to meet someone
who I have admired his work for a while
my friend Chelsea suggested a rapper by
the name of Pelle
a while back and I started listening to
his music and it is so sick and recently
we became Twitter friends and now he's
in New York
and guess who he's doing a song with in
New York in the previous why I suggested
you go listen to someone and that is
bridgit mendler and he is here with her
so I'm gonna go to bridgit mendler show
it's gonna be epic and I'm gonna get to
meet pal
hey guys I'm here in Brooklyn Brooklyn I
want to introduce you to someone
introduce
so
sorry I love it I love it nuts so this
entire video
this entire hold all the music that
you've been hearing in this video
out there okay so tell everyone what is
your EP where are we right now
beeps all right behind the seat behind
the team yeah and I'm about to do a show
my songs for my new
what is your favorite song underneath
baby boy like choosing your favorite
child the song that they should start
with yeah okay yeah I'd start there and
then and then there's a lot of other fun
stuff I technically there's three other
fun things too much exactly exactly it
will have a great show thank you I'll be
in the and the crowd cheerin youtube
he'll yell down there I'm stuck too for
you guys
Oh
you better
it is fun guys go to LA stay peachy
I should be close
it's all in one piece always insanely
paranoia that my bike he's gonna get
storm